this is strictly in 60 seconds you're
frightening leaf a sky to Britain's
favourite dance on this week's or our
couples vamp and camp itself in a
Halloween special there were some
scarily good performances I really loved
it bale binding along with some that
were a little lifeless a little movement
bit lumpy on those travelling splits
causing the judges to get their claws
out basically the whole thing was just a
load of posturing but you want to do
Brendan his turn up keep up and shut up
oh gee but in the end it was the kiss of
death for one couple it's Tina and Jared
there's no rest for the wicked with the
couples back in training for next week's
show make sure you don't miss out on any
of the action by keeping it here on BBC
Doctore k /o Strictly